13:30:31 <jmrodri> #startmeeting Automation Broker IRC Community Meeting 8/21/2018
13:30:31 <brokerbot> Meeting started Tue Aug 21 13:30:31 2018 UTC.  The chair is jmrodri. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:30:31 <brokerbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:30:31 <brokerbot> The meeting name has been set to 'automation_broker_irc_community_meeting_8/21/2018'
13:30:31 <brokerbot> jmrodri: startmeeting Meeting Agenda https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Mj7bVYJ8NK-TwU_mxeZLprmBBZZ-xOq-Hg4CiD3E6pM/edit?usp=sharing
13:30:41 <jmrodri> #topic Attendance
13:30:41 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:30:52 <alpatel> Hello
13:31:14 <jmrodri> alpatel: hey there
13:31:17 <ernelson> o/
13:32:07 <jmrodri> might be another quick meeting today
13:32:15 <jmrodri> #topic News
13:32:15 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:32:49 <jmrodri> #info we released bundle-lib 0.2.9, will probably do another release this week
13:32:49 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:32:49 <dzager> o/
13:32:58 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/releases/tag/0.2.9
13:32:58 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:33:47 <jmrodri> #info automation-broker 1.3.9-1 was released last night. Just checkout that tag if you want to build it from source. Or grab one of the nightly images
13:33:47 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:34:01 <jmrodri> anyone else have any news they'd like to share?
13:35:50 <jmrodri> that's it for the news. Moving on to previous actions
13:35:56 <jmrodri> #topic review previous actions
13:35:56 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:36:21 <jmrodri> Looking at the agenda looks like we got quite a bit done
13:36:52 <jmrodri> #info issue 470 was closed as complete.
13:36:52 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:36:58 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/470
13:36:58 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:37:02 <jmrodri> so that's good
13:37:18 <jmrodri> #info issue 1028 assigned to jmrodri
13:37:18 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:37:28 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/1028
13:37:28 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:37:34 <jmrodri> it was also moved to release-1.4
13:37:52 <jmrodri> #info issue 974 reassigned to jmrodri
13:37:52 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:38:13 <jmrodri> #info switch irc meeting to bi-weekly.
13:38:13 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:38:24 <jmrodri> that's done, we switched on 8/7 to a bi-weekly format.
13:38:46 <jmrodri> While we're on that topic, the next meeting will be Tuesday September 4th.
13:39:07 <jmrodri> #info Failed provision triggers continuous deprovision
13:39:07 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:39:09 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/1010
13:39:09 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:39:14 <jmrodri> dzager: you commented on this
13:39:23 <jmrodri> in the agenda i have a not to CLOSE NOT A BUG
13:39:37 <jmrodri> is this something we could actually fix?
13:40:01 <jmrodri> oh looks like we discussed this in the last meeting.
13:40:02 <dzager> I guess we could
13:40:05 <jmrodri> https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/blob/master/docs/meetings/2018/asbroker.2018-08-07-13.32.log.txt#L75-L114
13:40:09 <dzager> yeah. that's in there :0
13:40:20 <jmrodri> though not sure what the final outcome was
13:40:38 <jmrodri> oh it needs a new feature like a rate limiter
13:40:49 <jmrodri> okay, so it stays open until the next release.
13:41:04 <jmrodri> I'll create an issue to add a rate limiter to the API.
13:41:19 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri create issue for rate limiter feature
13:41:19 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:41:34 <jmrodri> okay that's it for past action items
13:41:40 <jmrodri> #topic bugs/issue triage
13:41:40 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:42:06 <jmrodri> #info bundle-lib has 9 issues still, hasn't changed since the last meeting
13:42:06 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:42:29 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues
13:42:29 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:42:53 <jmrodri> are any of them pressing? something we need to fix asap?
13:43:11 <ernelson> none that i'm aware of
13:43:11 <jmrodri> dymurray: is there something you need from bundle-lib for apb?
13:44:21 <dymurrayRH> jmrodri, nothing off the top of my head
13:44:36 <jmrodri> okay thanks
13:44:37 <ernelson> I *might* have a change coming in, but I'm pretty sure the bz should already be fixed
13:44:48 <jmrodri> okay, cool
13:44:59 <jmrodri> #info automation broker issues
13:44:59 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:45:14 <jmrodri> the broker has 5 issues against release 1.3.
13:45:21 <jmrodri> https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%223.11+%7C+release-1.3%22
13:45:26 <jmrodri> they're all asigned to me :)
13:45:31 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%223.11+%7C+release-1.3%22
13:45:31 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:46:03 <jmrodri> the two async bind issues will be fixed. I need to test them today as I put in a couple PRs to fix other binding issues late last week.
13:46:20 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri test the 2 async bind issues in automation-broker: 1007 and 1006
13:46:22 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:46:53 <jmrodri> #info Importing APBs fail if an image repo in the dockerhub org doesn't have any tags
13:46:53 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:47:00 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/1037
13:47:00 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:47:06 <jmrodri> that's the new broker issue
13:47:19 <jmrodri> anyone have any thoughts on that?
13:48:29 <dymurrayRH> Hm... its reported in 3.9. Why would one APB without the tag prevent the other APBs from being bootstrapped?
13:48:55 <ernelson> sounds like a weird corner case, would have to trace it
13:50:05 <dzager> does seem strange
13:51:51 <jmrodri> I couldn't tell if that was a single image or not.
13:52:00 <jmrodri> "If one of the image repositories in the Docker Hub organization"
13:52:15 <jmrodri> I read that as if one of the REPOSITORIES has no tags
13:52:23 <jmrodri> not even sure that's a thing
13:53:33 <jmrodri> I'm going to mark that for 3.11 to at least investigate
13:53:38 <jmrodri> anyone have any cycles for it?
13:53:47 <dymurrayRH> I can take it
13:53:53 <dzager> if a single image in the organization doesn't have the specified tag
13:54:01 <dzager> that's how I read it
13:54:36 <jmrodri> okay, that seems to make more sense :)
13:54:58 <jmrodri> #action dymurrayRH to investigate broker issue 1037
13:54:58 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:55:14 <jmrodri> that's it for issues at the moment
13:55:37 <jmrodri> #topic features
13:55:37 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:55:46 <jmrodri> #info none at this moment
13:55:46 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:55:55 <jmrodri> #topic open discussion
13:55:55 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:56:02 <jmrodri> anyone have anything they'd like to discuss?
13:56:14 <jmrodri> #info postgresql-apb latest
13:56:14 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:56:30 <jmrodri> dzager: you said that canary psql apb works, but latest has that pvc error
13:56:41 <jmrodri> do you know when canary will migrate to latest?
13:56:59 <jmrodri> jboyd hit the issue recently
13:57:22 <dzager> jmrodri: I advised dymurrayRH to refrain from rebuilding latest APBs until jmontleon's PRs to the oc client are merged in
13:58:07 <dzager> since I think the error on upgrade to postgresql is less annoying than `oc cluster up --enable auto-borker` failing
13:58:08 <jmrodri> so is there a way to go back to a previous psql-apb? or just retag canary as latest for psql?
13:58:25 <dzager> jmrodri: we could do that
13:58:30 <dzager> like one off?
13:58:37 <jmrodri> it's just weird to have it busted
13:58:41 <dzager> that's totally reasonable
13:58:42 <jmrodri> yeah was thinking as a one off
13:59:25 <jmrodri> #action dzager investigate how best to repair psql -apb latest image without rebuilding the world
13:59:25 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:59:53 <dzager> yeah. now I wish I was smart enough to have thought of one-offs
14:02:01 <jmrodri> anyone else have any discussion topics/
14:02:18 <jmrodri> if not, I'll adjourn the meeting. You can have 30 minutes of your life back.
14:02:25 <jmrodri> well 28 minutes :)
14:02:28 <jmrodri> #endmeeting