13:31:36 <jmrodri> #startmeeting Automation Broker 6/5 meeting
13:31:36 <brokerbot> Meeting started Tue Jun  5 13:31:36 2018 UTC.  The chair is jmrodri. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:31:36 <brokerbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:31:36 <brokerbot> The meeting name has been set to 'automation_broker_6/5_meeting'
13:31:36 <brokerbot> jmrodri: startmeeting Meeting Agenda https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Mj7bVYJ8NK-TwU_mxeZLprmBBZZ-xOq-Hg4CiD3E6pM/edit?usp=sharing
13:32:00 <jmrodri> #topic attendance
13:32:00 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:32:15 <dzager> o/
13:32:16 <mhrivnak> o/
13:32:17 <maleck13> hey
13:32:19 <jmrodri> here
13:32:21 <philipgough> hi
13:32:23 <dwhatley> hello
13:32:28 <dymurray> hello
13:33:18 <shurley> o/
13:33:32 <jmrodri> Alright, let's move on to the news
13:33:34 <jmrodri> #topic News
13:33:34 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:33:50 <jmrodri> #item bundle-lib 0.2.2 released on June 1st
13:33:50 <brokerbot> jmrodri: Error: "item" is not a valid command.
13:34:08 <jmrodri> #info bundle-lib 0.2.2 released on June 1st
13:34:08 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:34:12 <leifmadsen> o/
13:34:23 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/releases/tag/0.2.2
13:34:23 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:34:50 <jmrodri> we're trying to do regular releases of bundle-lib, well more like as needed releases.
13:35:05 <maleck13> sounds good
13:35:24 <jmrodri> Usually if there's an important feature required to support automation broker, operator or sbcli efforts. Or if there is just critical mass of features to warrant a release.
13:35:42 <jmrodri> #info SouthEast LinuxFest (SELF)
13:35:42 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:35:50 <jmrodri> #link http://www.southeastlinuxfest.org/
13:35:50 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:36:17 <jmrodri> For those on the east coast (especially in NC), SouthEast LinuxFest is happening this weekend in Charlotte, NC USA
13:36:31 <jmrodri> Our very own mhrivnak will be presenting
13:36:33 <Jmainguy> and its freeeeeeee
13:36:38 <mhrivnak> We have a broker talk on Saturday morning.
13:36:48 <jmrodri> ernelson: are you also attending?
13:36:54 <jmrodri> Jmainguy: +1
13:37:22 <jmrodri> Anyone else have any other news items?
13:38:05 <jmrodri> If not, I'd like to take the next 5 minutes to check in on last weeks action items. I just need to know if they're done, or if we need more time
13:38:37 <jmrodri> #topic Review Previous Actions
13:38:37 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:38:42 <ernelson> jmrodri: hola
13:39:03 <ernelson> starbucks line was long :P
13:39:17 <jmrodri> #info Binding errors are no longer displayed
13:39:17 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:39:20 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/941
13:39:20 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:39:34 <jmrodri> I have not tested this yet, got sidetracked by other bugs
13:39:45 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri test issue 941 https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/941
13:39:45 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:40:06 <jmrodri> #info shurley issue 813
13:40:06 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:40:11 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/813
13:40:11 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:40:17 <jmrodri> shurley: any movement on that issue?
13:41:17 <jmrodri> #action shurley shepherd issue 813 https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/813
13:41:17 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:41:32 <jmrodri> #info BindInstance.Parameters use unclear
13:41:32 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:41:41 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/692
13:41:41 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:41:45 <mhrivnak> I did link this to the bigger effort.
13:41:47 <jmrodri> mhrivnak: this was apparently assigned to you
13:41:56 <jmrodri> ah okay cool
13:42:20 <jmrodri> mhrivnak: thanks. So it will get covered as we progress with the bundle contract and parameter effort.
13:42:23 <jmrodri> thanks
13:42:51 <jmrodri> #info jmrodri move 3.10 aligned features to 3.11 or 3.12
13:42:51 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:42:58 <jmrodri> this was done, albeit this morning :)
13:43:42 <jmrodri> #info jmrodri review PR 96 (bundle-lib)
13:43:42 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:43:46 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/pull/96
13:43:46 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:44:02 <jmrodri> I did not do this, but it looks like others reviewed and merged. So marking this actino as done
13:44:25 <jmrodri> #info dymurray play around with the module and update the issue
13:44:25 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:44:36 <jmrodri> dymurray: I honestly don't remember what this was about.
13:44:44 <jmrodri> asb module or runtime package in bundle-lib
13:45:01 <dymurray> jmrodri, uhh... I'm sorry I don't remember either :)
13:45:14 <maleck13> :)
13:45:16 <jmrodri> dymurray: yeah poor note taking by the meeting chair.
13:45:22 * jmrodri looks up whistling
13:45:27 <dymurray> Probably runtime pkg for bundle-lib since I've been working on that
13:45:49 <jmrodri> I'll look to see later today in my logs.
13:45:59 <jmrodri> that's all the past actions. And the timeer just went off.
13:46:10 <jmrodri> Okay let's triage some bugs
13:46:25 <jmrodri> #topic Bug/Issue Triage
13:46:25 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:46:50 <jmrodri> #info Error: Attempt to list APBs in the broker returned status 503
13:46:50 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:46:52 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/974
13:46:52 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:47:09 <jmrodri> this looks like minishift and apb
13:47:16 <ernelson> checking
13:47:42 <jmrodri> I just need an assignee for this one. We can then investigate
13:47:56 <ernelson> jmrodri: put me on it
13:47:59 <ernelson> I just emailed him on the list
13:48:03 <jmrodri> ernelson: okay perfect
13:48:20 <jmrodri> #action ernelson to investigate issue 974 https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/974
13:48:20 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:48:22 <ernelson> I'm not sure that he's actually using the minishift addon or the correct account
13:48:57 <jmrodri> that's fine, just wanted an assignee for the issue so it is tracked. thanks for volunteering
13:49:17 <jmrodri> #info Doc link for complicated parameters
13:49:17 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:49:18 <shurley> hey back sorry
13:49:19 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/973
13:49:19 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:49:38 <maleck13> this is more of a feature request I think than bug
13:49:44 <jmrodri> this one looks related to something that came up recently.
13:50:00 <jmrodri> the discussion about possibly moving apb.yml to using jsonschema for parameters
13:50:16 <jmrodri> shurley: fabianvf dymurray does this issue look related to the above?
13:50:39 <mhrivnak> seems like that may not help with this request.
13:50:50 <dymurray> jmrodri, uhh not directly related but will be relevant when we talk about changing the spec down the line
13:51:06 <shurley> jmrodri: I think it probably does fit into that overall discussion IMO . The problem is can the UI deal with json schema and if that is something we can fix?
13:51:06 <dymurray> jmrodri, mhrivnak yeah seems like this would be an additional change unrelated to that
13:51:30 <mhrivnak> This would need coordination with UI devs.
13:51:58 <jmrodri> anyone want to volunteer for this issue?
13:52:08 <maleck13> I think thats fine. Similar to what we did for the cond params
13:52:14 <maleck13> jmontleon: I can take it
13:52:19 <maleck13> jmrodri: ^
13:52:34 <jmrodri> okay
13:52:48 <jmrodri> #action maleck13 to investigate issue 973 https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/973
13:52:48 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:52:53 <maleck13> jmrodri: I will get in touch with the UI team and see how they feel on it
13:53:17 <jmrodri> maleck13: done thanks.
13:53:57 <jmrodri> okay moving on to bundle-lib issues
13:53:59 <shurley> maleck13: on that one, we may want to see if we could pass in something like markdown for them to render in the description of the parameter
13:54:15 <shurley> that might the most flexable way to get everything that people could want?
13:54:15 <maleck13> shurley: interesting idea
13:54:48 <jmrodri> #info suggestion: move away from panic in the lib (bundle-lib)
13:54:48 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:54:55 <jmrodri> #link ttps://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues/94
13:54:55 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:54:59 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues/94
13:54:59 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:55:27 <dymurray> +1 to this issue. It's caused issues in sbcli as well
13:55:43 <jmrodri> I can take a look at this one
13:55:56 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri to investigate issue 94 on bundle-lib
13:55:56 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:56:03 <shurley> +1 this is a good idea
13:56:41 <jmrodri> #info Possible use case for bundle-lib and operator framework
13:56:41 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:56:43 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues/79
13:56:43 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:56:52 <jmrodri> maleck13 wrote this one up
13:57:13 <maleck13> heh yes it was a general thought experiment
13:57:14 <jmrodri> shurley: is this something related to your current efforts?
13:57:20 <shurley> I think we are exploring this w/ the automation-operator #link https://github.com/automationbroker/automation-operator
13:57:53 <jmrodri> shurley: can I assign issue 79 to you? I think it is very related to the above
13:58:04 <maleck13> I think we can close the issue though. It was a general thought and concept that I dont expect we will do anything with on bundle lib but perhaps somewhere else at some point
13:58:16 <shurley> +1
13:58:18 <jmrodri> maleck13: okay that's fine
13:58:21 <mhrivnak> Yeah, this sounds like what we're working on. :)
13:58:33 <shurley> maleck13: if you want I can give you overview after of what we are thinking w/ bundle lib
13:58:38 <jmrodri> shurley: can you close it with a comment and possible link with the automation-operator?
13:58:40 <shurley> sorry automation operator
13:58:42 * maleck13 will take a look at the operator
13:58:51 <jmrodri> #action shurley to comment and close issue 79
13:58:51 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:58:53 <maleck13> shurley: that sounds great
13:59:42 <jmrodri> man thank goodness for mosh, because my internet has "paused" a few times during this meeting
14:00:05 <jmrodri> #info bundle package needs better test coverage
14:00:05 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
14:00:12 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues/55
14:00:12 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
14:00:48 <jmrodri> shurley: are there some higher priority issues in bundle-lib we should assign/tackle? I'm just going down the list but so far they seem more like tech-debt issues
14:01:28 <shurley> I have not been through the issues in awhile
14:01:31 <maleck13> prob could be linked with this issue https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues/30
14:02:00 <shurley> would love test coverage for bundle package
14:03:34 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri review issue #2 on bundle-lib and verify if there are anymore items to be done
14:03:34 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
14:03:55 <jmrodri> we have about a minute left in triage.
14:04:20 <shurley> the license for the probject seems like something we should do
14:04:22 <jmrodri> #action shurley work with jmrodri to label and triage bundle-lib issues
14:04:22 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
14:04:23 * dymurray brb
14:04:39 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri work with shurley to add license to bundle-lib
14:04:39 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
14:04:54 <jmrodri> I'm going to assume apache 2.0 like we did with broker
14:05:19 <jmrodri> unless folks want something different, let me know
14:06:15 <jmrodri> okay times up for triage
14:06:33 <jmrodri> next item on the agenda is features
14:07:08 <jmrodri> #info Concept of making the broker aware of managed sharable multi-tenant services
14:07:08 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
14:07:13 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/979
14:07:13 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
14:07:23 <jmrodri> maleck13 brought this one up
14:07:28 <maleck13> I can discuss futher
14:07:36 <jmrodri> okay
14:07:44 <maleck13> we are looking at how a managed service would work
14:08:04 <maleck13> IE Keycloak is provisioned somewhere and managed by our ops team
14:08:25 <maleck13> and then a "slice" of that is provisioned on demand by a user
14:09:00 <maleck13> It is a spike I am progressing. One option would be to do something like our own broker using bundle-lib
14:09:32 <maleck13> but I thought I would raise the idea here and see what ppl thought to having the concept of a sharable service. Not sure if I explained it well enough
14:10:22 <mhrivnak> I think I understand the general idea. I wonder what specific things are blocking this right now.
14:10:23 <jmrodri> I guess this would be useful for someone wanting to host a PostgreSQL database
14:10:34 <maleck13> effectively it is a way to share credentials between service instances
14:10:46 <maleck13> mhrivnak: ^ getting the original credentials is the issue
14:10:51 <shurley> I really like this idea, I would love to see the outcomes of the spike and also a proposal on how to deal with the negative scenarios (already provisioned too many times, what happens if it fails to create the new “slice”….), also what parameters would the spec need to allow this
14:11:19 <maleck13> shurley: yeah sure. That would be part of any proposal after the spike
14:11:30 <mhrivnak> maleck13 yeah, it seems like you need to separate the idea of deploying the backing service, vs making it available as a "service class".
14:11:38 <shurley> maleck13: another question I have, is how does this compare to using async bind
14:12:09 <jmrodri> shurley: good question
14:12:12 <maleck13> so using bind to provison the slice
14:12:35 <shurley> This sounds like the case for async bind and serivce bindngs and I would like to see if we may already have some of the infrustructure to deal with this
14:12:35 <maleck13> so we would have multiple types of bindings then and lots of params
14:12:36 <mhrivnak> async bind will presumably only work within a single namespace. Would that meet the use case?
14:12:42 <dzager> maleck13: "getting the original credentials is the issue" could you explain this more?
14:13:07 <fmontaldo3> hi
14:13:22 <maleck13> if dones via a provision, you wouldn't have access to the original credentials of the first service instance. dzager
14:13:31 <fmontaldo3> I need some guidance to troubleeshoot an isuee under minishift with ansible broker
14:13:37 <maleck13> mhrivnak: correct only works in a given namespace also
14:13:41 <shurley> mhrivnak: I don’t think it has to work in only a single namespace, if the RBAC rules are set up correctly??? that might require UI changes though your right
14:13:54 <maleck13> you need the service instance in the namespace to bind against it
14:14:04 <dzager> fmontaldo3: you arrived in the middle of our weekly IRC meeting
14:14:10 <jmrodri> fmontaldo3: hey there. We're currently having our irc community meeting right now. Feel free to lurk for a few minutes. We should be done by 10:30am ET.
14:14:25 <shurley> ernelson: are the service bindings the localobject reference to the instance?
14:14:28 <fmontaldo3> ok
14:14:36 <mhrivnak> Yeah. I'd start by independently provisioning a service, like a DBMS, then make a separate "service class" that provisions a slice of the underlying service, such as a specific database.
14:14:37 <jmrodri> fmontaldo3: someone will be able to assist you at that point. Thanks for your patience.
14:14:42 <ernelson> shurley: I'm not sure, I can check 1 sec
14:15:02 <maleck13> shurley:  unless something changed, it def had to be in the same namespace.
14:15:11 <ernelson> maleck13: +1
14:15:23 <ernelson> I don't think catalog has ever supported cross namespace, paul explicitly said that
14:15:32 <mhrivnak> Right.
14:15:37 <shurley> Ok my bad
14:15:41 <maleck13> in general cross namespace is not a thing in k8s
14:16:05 <maleck13> so effectively the provison would get the parent creds
14:16:17 <maleck13> and set up the service instance so that bindings could also happen
14:16:17 <ernelson> shurley: yes they are localobjectreferences
14:17:16 <maleck13> so it seems like something the broker might be interested in seeing progressed?
14:17:30 <jmrodri> I think so
14:17:40 <mhrivnak> maleck13 I think so, but what do you think of this idea of starting with them as separate steps/APBs?
14:18:04 <maleck13> mhrivnak: hadn't considered that yet
14:18:04 <maleck13> will give it some thought
14:18:12 <mhrivnak> I think it would be good to nail down the use case: a service already exists *somehow*, now we need an APB that can give out slices of stuff that the service provides.
14:18:41 <maleck13> yes
14:19:03 <shurley> but how do I know if it already has been provisioned? as a user
14:19:04 <maleck13> mhrivnak: although I would add
14:19:42 <maleck13> in our use case the user doing the provisioning shouldn't know the details of this service
14:19:52 <mhrivnak> shurley maybe as a user, you need to provide a simple reference to the existing service, like a hostname.
14:19:52 <jmrodri> we have about 2 minutes left in this feature discussion section.
14:20:15 <fabianvf> shurley: it could add a new spec to the broker when the parent service is provisioned
14:20:21 <maleck13> mhrivnak: we did something similar already. But the user also had to provide credentials
14:20:28 <mhrivnak> Otherwise you might have to assume that if a cluster owner is making the APB available in the cluster, the backing service exists.
14:21:04 <mhrivnak> fabianvf an APB that gives birth to another APB... ;)
14:21:22 <shurley> fabianvf: that is a decent option mhrivnak providing the host name has the same issue this is trying to fix IMO
14:21:24 <maleck13> mhrivnak: right
14:21:47 <mhrivnak> shurley what problem is that?
14:22:02 <shurley> what maleck13 said about providing the creds
14:22:11 <maleck13> we want to avoid the user needing to know the specifics of the service
14:22:11 <mhrivnak> I thought the problem was more centered around the end user not having access to the "root" creds for that service.
14:22:27 <jmrodri> mhrivnak: that's also what I understood
14:22:52 <shurley> I thought that was a problem. Another problem is why do they need to know the underlying coordinates of the service
14:22:55 <mhrivnak> There are two options then: 1) assume the service exists and blame the admin if it doesn't. 2) make the user aware of a service out-of-band and make them provide some kind of reference.
14:22:56 <shurley> they just wan tto use it
14:22:58 <maleck13> shurley: mhrivnak that is the main problem but it would be good to avoid the user needing to know any specifics
14:23:04 <shurley> and how does the APB expose the coordinates
14:23:34 <mhrivnak> This sounds similar to what AWS is doing.
14:23:47 <jmrodri> mhrivnak: +1
14:24:30 <maleck13> not familiar with that
14:25:11 <jmrodri> so what's the take on this discussion now?
14:25:16 <mhrivnak> maleck13 summary is: they use our broker to make AWS services available inside openshift. They have APBs that do basically what you want to do.
14:25:25 <shurley> I think do the spike and see what they find?
14:25:36 <mhrivnak> And those APBs make an assumption that the underlying service already exist and are running all the time.
14:25:36 <maleck13> So the action here is for me to progress the spike around the broker and update the issue with further details
14:25:49 <jmrodri> maleck13: that sounds reasonable
14:25:57 <jmrodri> #action maleck13 progress the spike around the broker and update the issue with
14:25:57 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
14:26:07 <jmrodri> #undo
14:26:07 <brokerbot> Removing item from minutes: ACTION by jmrodri at 14:25:57 : maleck13 progress the spike around the broker and update the issue with
14:26:15 <jmrodri> #action maleck13 progress the spike around the broker and update the issue with further details
14:26:15 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
14:26:24 * jmrodri learned a new command
14:26:31 <jmrodri> okay that's all the time we have for features
14:26:38 <shurley> really quick re: ASB issue 813 dzager is this fixed by the APB?
14:26:41 <jmrodri> #info open discussions
14:26:41 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
14:26:55 <jmrodri> #undo
14:26:55 <brokerbot> Removing item from minutes: INFO by jmrodri at 14:26:41 : open discussions
14:27:02 <jmrodri> #topic open discussions
14:27:02 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
14:27:16 <jmrodri> #info Broker should not fail hard when registry names collide
14:27:16 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
14:27:21 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/753
14:27:21 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
14:27:28 <jmrodri> shurley: that's what you're referring to right? ^^
14:28:00 <dzager> shurley: isn't 813 related to openshift-ansible? the apb wouldn't fix that
14:29:03 <shurley> dzager: your right
14:29:28 <shurley> still working on that item my bas
14:29:31 <shurley> *bad
14:29:37 <jmrodri> #undo
14:29:37 <brokerbot> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Link object at 0x7f9a8b2df6d0>
14:29:52 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/813
14:29:52 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
14:30:30 <jmrodri> well that's all the time we have, I think we have another call to get on.
14:30:39 <philipgough> Just wanted to bring up https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/pull/928
14:30:41 <jmrodri> I'll move any open discussion items that we didn't get to
14:30:42 <philipgough> If we have time?
14:30:57 <fmontaldo3> so now I can ask regarding minishfit ansible broker issue
14:30:59 <fmontaldo3> ?
14:31:15 <jmrodri> philipgough: I think most folks left to go to our scrum call.
14:31:23 <philipgough> jmrodri: ok np
14:31:32 <jmrodri> philipgough: Is that PR needing review?
14:31:46 <jmrodri> it was marked as WIP so I don't htink anyone has been looknig at it
14:31:46 <fmontaldo3> apb list Contacting the ansible-service-broker at: https://asb-1338-ansible-service-broker.192.168.42.120.nip.io/openshift-automation-service-broker/v2/catalog ERROR: Failed broker request (get) https://asb-1338-ansible-service-broker.192.168.42.120.nip.io/openshift-automation-service-broker/v2/catalog Exception occurred! local variable 'InsecureRequestWarning' referenced before assignment
14:31:49 <philipgough> jmrodri: Thats what i was going to bring up :)
14:32:00 <philipgough> A review and some feedback would be great
14:32:13 <philipgough> if anyone has the time
14:32:21 <jmrodri> philipgough: if you want it reviewed remove the WIP: :) most folks ignore things marked as WIP unless someone asks :)
14:32:38 <jmrodri> it won't get merged until folks are happy with it.
14:32:46 <philipgough> Ah ok, i had removed it from the description but not title
14:32:51 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri review PR 928
14:32:51 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
14:32:54 <philipgough> done
14:32:56 <jmrodri> #action shurley review PR 928
14:32:56 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
14:32:59 <jmrodri> philipgough: thanks
14:33:04 <jmrodri> okay that concludes today's meeting
14:33:06 <philipgough> jmrodri: thanks a lot
14:33:06 <jmrodri> #endmeeting