13:34:32 <jmrodri> #startmeeting Automation Broker 7-3-18
13:34:32 <brokerbot> Meeting started Tue Jul  3 13:34:32 2018 UTC.  The chair is jmrodri. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:34:32 <brokerbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:34:32 <brokerbot> The meeting name has been set to 'automation_broker_7-3-18'
13:34:32 <brokerbot> jmrodri: startmeeting Meeting Agenda https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Mj7bVYJ8NK-TwU_mxeZLprmBBZZ-xOq-Hg4CiD3E6pM/edit?usp=sharing
13:34:38 <jmrodri> #topic Attendance
13:34:38 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:34:43 <jmrodri> here
13:34:47 <fabianvf> Here
13:35:04 <jmrodri> good morning everyone, welcome to the Automation Broker IRC meeting for July 3rd, 2018.
13:35:38 <mhrivnak> here
13:35:41 <maleck13> here
13:35:43 <philipgough> hey
13:36:34 <jmrodri> Okay let's move on to the news
13:36:37 <jmrodri> #topic News
13:36:37 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:36:46 <jmrodri> #info Broker @ OpenInfraDays China and LinuxCon China
13:36:46 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:37:01 <mhrivnak> I'll be quick unless there are any question.
13:37:11 <jmrodri> go for it
13:37:26 <mhrivnak> I gave a talk about the broker primarily, and a hint at the operator future, at two conferences in China.
13:37:47 <mhrivnak> The ones mentioned in the info. :) Here's a pic of the crowd from OpenInfraDays: https://photos.app.goo.gl/Dcvju9vZYM43Griy9
13:38:07 <ernelson> here!
13:38:16 <mhrivnak> I told them "Ok, I'm going to take a picture to show my boss, so everyone look like you're having a great time!" ;)
13:38:35 <rhallisey> hey :)
13:38:36 <jmrodri> :)
13:38:44 <jmrodri> mhrivnak: that's great
13:38:59 <mhrivnak> So they gave some goofy smiles. Each conference had several thousand attendees, and containers were very popular as is common.
13:39:35 <mhrivnak> I also met with the QE team, who are based in Beijing.
13:39:59 <mhrivnak> I have some notes and a few questions to get answered from that, but it was mostly some high-level knowledge sharing.
13:40:15 <mhrivnak> That's all from me.
13:40:27 <jmrodri> mhrivnak: excellent. thanks for sharing.
13:41:07 <jmrodri> I will be doing a release of bundle-lib today, it's been a while since our last release (26 days to be exact). So 0.2.4 will release TODAY 7/3/18
13:41:26 <jmrodri> anyone else have any news items they'd like to share?
13:42:02 <jmrodri> #topic Previous Actions
13:42:02 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:42:21 <jmrodri> Okay let's spend a few minutes seeing where old actions are
13:42:39 <jmrodri> #info errors no longer displayed
13:42:39 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:42:42 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/941
13:42:42 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:42:59 <jmrodri> sigh I still haven't gotten a chance to look at this. Has anyone witnessed this behavior recently?
13:43:13 <jmrodri> We just need to verify it is fixed and closed.
13:43:18 <jmrodri> s/closed/close
13:43:47 <jmrodri> ernelson: this one is still assigned to you. I'm going to assume nothing new has happened
13:43:54 <jmrodri> #info Attempt to list APBs in broker returns 503
13:43:54 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:43:57 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/974
13:43:57 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:43:58 <ernelson> jmrodri: true
13:43:59 <ernelson> :)
13:44:03 <jmrodri> ernelson: thanks
13:44:24 <jmrodri> #info Doc Link for complicated parameters
13:44:24 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:44:31 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/973
13:44:31 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:44:41 <jmrodri> maleck13: apparently that one is listed for you.
13:44:44 <jmrodri> Any update?
13:45:04 <maleck13> jmrodri: yes we have an issue in our current sprint to look at how this would work from the UI and broker
13:45:15 <jmrodri> AWESOME!
13:45:58 <jmrodri> #info move away from panic in the lib
13:45:58 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:45:59 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues/94
13:45:59 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:46:16 <jmrodri> I will do this one today. I started to look at it last week but didn't finish gathering all the information.
13:46:29 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri get info for bundle-lib issue 94
13:46:29 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:46:51 <jmrodri> #info shurley and jmrodri to triage bundle-lib issues
13:46:51 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:46:57 <jmrodri> Oh we did that last week. That's done
13:47:24 <jmrodri> bundle does have a license now
13:47:40 <jmrodri> #info bundle-lib license: Apache 2
13:47:40 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:47:44 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/blob/master/LICENSE
13:47:44 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:48:15 <jmrodri> #info manage shared services
13:48:15 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:48:18 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues/979
13:48:18 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:48:29 <jmrodri> maleck13 met with folks about this.
13:48:34 <maleck13> jmrodri: just closed this with an update based on conversations yesterday
13:48:35 <jmrodri> so it is progressing
13:48:41 <jmrodri> okay perfect
13:48:44 <jmrodri> thank you
13:49:20 <jmrodri> #info allow dependencies on params
13:49:20 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:49:22 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/pull/70
13:49:22 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:49:43 <jmrodri> We still need another review on this.
13:50:00 <jmrodri> dymurray: you made some comments, if you are good please give an ACK or NACK.
13:50:08 <jmrodri> shurley: if you have time give it a once over as well.
13:50:10 <dymurray> on it
13:50:34 <jmrodri> Okay that's it for old items for now.
13:50:51 <jmrodri> #topic bug/issue triage
13:50:51 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:51:01 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues
13:51:01 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:51:06 <jmrodri> #unlink
13:51:06 <brokerbot> jmrodri: Error: "unlink" is not a valid command.
13:51:12 <jmrodri> oh well I tried :)
13:51:33 <jmrodri> there are no new broker issues to triage. We've covered them all.
13:51:50 <maleck13> have to drop back in a little while
13:52:00 <jmrodri> #info bundle lib issues
13:52:00 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
13:52:09 <jmrodri> #link https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues/118
13:52:09 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
13:52:20 <jmrodri> ernelson: looks like you created this one recently.
13:52:44 <jmrodri> any takers?
13:53:25 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri assign bundle-lib issue 118 to a bundle-lib release and implementer
13:53:25 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:54:07 <ernelson> jmrodri: checking
13:54:17 <jmrodri> #action shurley https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues/111
13:54:17 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:54:20 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri https://github.com/automationbroker/bundle-lib/issues/111
13:54:20 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:54:30 <jmrodri> we will both look at issue 111
13:54:34 <jmrodri> ernelson: thanks
13:54:43 <ernelson> jmrodri: yeah, I think I saw someone else talking about this
13:54:56 <ernelson> Issue is that we create a *RoleBinding*, so you can't write to the openshift namespace
13:55:17 <ernelson> probably deserves a proposal for support
13:55:28 <jmrodri> ernelson: okay
13:56:07 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri close issue 104
13:56:07 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:56:41 <jmrodri> #action jmrodri bind and unbind tests for bundle-lib issue 55
13:56:41 <brokerbot> jmrodri: action
13:57:03 <jmrodri> okay that's all the new issues that cropped up. The rest we've already gone over or have been assigned
13:57:32 <jmrodri> dymurray: any issues on sbcli we need to go over or assign, while we are triaging?
13:57:59 <dymurray> jmrodri, I think we're good for now. I went through them yesterday
13:57:59 <jmrodri> looks like most are being handled or are nice to have notes for future.
13:58:10 <jmrodri> great
13:58:30 <jmrodri> #topic Features
13:58:30 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
13:58:46 <jmrodri> anyone have anything they'd like to bring up about new features coming out?
13:58:59 <jmrodri> It's been a light week.
13:59:29 <jmrodri> Oh not directly related but definitely important. The namespaced PRs have merged to service catalog
13:59:38 <dzager> ansible 2.6 is released and the rpm is available in epel-testing, it should be in the apb-base:latest image in a couple of weeks
14:00:01 <jmrodri> the bind merged yesterday or a few days ago. So that's upstream which is great.
14:00:03 <dzager> that means https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/modules/k8s_module.html and the dynamic client can be used
14:00:06 <jmrodri> dzager: awesome
14:00:17 <jmrodri> #info ansible 2.6 is released and the rpm is available in epel-testing
14:00:17 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
14:00:34 <jmrodri> #info The namespaced PRs have merged to service catalog
14:00:34 <brokerbot> jmrodri: info
14:00:49 <jmrodri> #link https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/modules/k8s_module.html
14:00:49 <brokerbot> jmrodri: link
14:01:22 <jmrodri> Okay that's it for features
14:01:29 <jmrodri> #topic open discussion
14:01:29 <brokerbot> jmrodri: topic
14:01:48 <jmrodri> anyone have anythign they would like to talk about?
14:01:54 <jmrodri> questions? issues?
14:03:11 <jmrodri> okay so if no one has anything else they would like to chat about. I will give everyone back 30 minutes of their time back.
14:03:30 <jmrodri> Short meeting today. Thanks for attending everyone.
14:03:35 <jmrodri> #endmeeting